[BULK] [Bundle-Security] - Scheduled execution to fix known issues (#1137)
MicrosoftDocs/iis-docs: iis/web-development-reference/native-code-api-reference/iapphostpathmapper2-mappath-method.md

|S_OK|Indicates that the operation was successful.|  
  
## Remarks  

>  To receive incoming remote calls for the [IAppHostPathMapper2 Interface](../../web-development-reference/native-code-api-reference/iapphostpathmapper2-interface.md) interface, the client must implement a UUID(aaaabbbb-0000-cccc-1111-dddd2222eeee). It must then specify an object that implements the interface to the [IAppHostAdminManager::SetMetadata Method](../../web-development-reference/native-code-api-reference/iapphostadminmanager-setmetadata-method.md) method with the value of `bstrMetadataName` set to "pathMapper2".  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 To receive incoming remote calls for the [IAppHostPathMapper2 Interface](../../web-development-reference/native-code-api-reference/iapphostpathmapper2-interface.md) interface, the client must provide a COM object that implements the IAppHostPathMapper2 interface (COM IID: 0f80e901-8f4c-449a-bf90-13d5d082f187). It must then specify an object that implements the interface to the [IAppHostAdminManager::SetMetadata Method](../../web-development-reference/native-code-api-reference/iapphostadminmanager-setmetadata-method.md) method with the value of `bstrMetadataName` set to "pathMapper2".  
```

This is a COM ID that the user has to specifically use.  We can't replace it with a generic one.

>  To receive incoming remote calls for the [IAppHostPathMapper2 Interface](../../web-development-reference/native-code-api-reference/iapphostpathmapper2-interface.md) interface, the client must provide a COM object that implements the IAppHostPathMapper2 interface (COM IID: 0f80e901-8f4c-449a-bf90-13d5d082f187). It must then specify an object that implements the interface to the [IAppHostAdminManager::SetMetadata Method](../../web-development-reference/native-code-api-reference/iapphostadminmanager-setmetadata-method.md) method with the value of `bstrMetadataName` set to "pathMapper2".  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 To receive incoming remote calls for the [IAppHostPathMapper2 Interface](../../web-development-reference/native-code-api-reference/iapphostpathmapper2-interface.md) interface, the client must provide a COM object that implements the `IAppHostPathMapper2` interface (COM IID: 0f80e901-8f4c-449a-bf90-13d5d082f187). It must then specify an object that implements the interface to the [IAppHostAdminManager::SetMetadata Method](../../web-development-reference/native-code-api-reference/iapphostadminmanager-setmetadata-method.md) method with the value of `bstrMetadataName` set to "pathMapper2".  
```
